# KU Schedule Generator
This application was developed to help Kasetsart University students generate a weekly class schedule from their raw HTML timetable data, especially while waiting for updates to the KU-Table system and/or NisitKU application.

gen_schedule.py can be use as standalone script which generate from json data

## Features
- HTML to JSON Parsing: Converts raw HTML timetable data into a structured JSON format.

- Multi-language Support: Capable of parsing both Thai and English HTML timetable structures.

- Interactive Schedule Generation: Takes the parsed JSON data and generates a visually appealing and easy-to-read HTML weekly schedule.

- Command-Line Interface: Easy to use via command-line arguments for input and output files.

## How to Use

### Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Python 3.x: Download and install from python.org.
- Python dependencies
    ```sh
        pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### Running the Application
```
python main.py <path_to_your_input_html_file> <path_for_output_schedule_html_file>
```

#### File Descriptions
- `main.py`: The primary script that orchestrates the entire process. It calls parser.py to convert HTML to JSON, then uses gen_schedule.py to generate the final HTML schedule.

- `parser.py`: This script is responsible for reading the raw HTML timetable, extracting class details (day, time, code, title, room, type, section), and saving them into a temporary JSON file. It handles both Thai and English labels for consistency.

- `gen_schedule.py`: This script reads the structured JSON data generated by parser.py and creates a visually appealing HTML table representing your weekly schedule.

## Notes
- The application creates a temporary JSON file (`temp_data.json`) during its operation, which is automatically cleaned up after the final HTML schedule is generated.

- The generated HTML schedule is a static file, meaning it doesn't require an internet connection or server to view once created.